Memoradum of Understanding



This Memorandum of Understanding is made between the Zeus Plus Limited and Lidya HK Limited, 
to promote goodwill and friendship,to aid the Global Platform Business and to encourage the development of trade and investment.


Terms and Goal of Agreement

1. Exchange information about investment and trade opportunities to the Platform Business.
2. Organize trade and investment missions and assist visiting missions wherever possible.
3. Support Lidya's services and provide advice to the members of Zeus Plus Limited.
    A. Global financing platform i-Account service, Payment Solution, 
    B. Issuance of global brand cards(Visa, Master and UnionPay card etc.)
    C. Businesses utilizing Forex Trading Service.
    D. Businesses related to the Antique Coin.
    E. Other businesses recognized as necessity by and between the two entities

4. Recommend potential partners for economic co-operation, trading and technological exchanges.
5. Act in good faith to implement the terms of the Agreement but not assume any legal obligation in this regard.
6. Promote each other's Conferences through distribution of event material. 


Two copies to be held by each of the sides in witness thereof.
This Agreement shall become effective upon having been signed by both sides.

signed on  



witness



---------------------------------------------


Memoradum of Understanding



This Memorandum of Understanding is made between the Zeus Plus Limited and Lidya HK Limited, 
to promote goodwill and friendship,to aid the Platform Business in respective areas in business activities, 
and to encourage the development of trade and investment.

Terms and Goal of Agreement

1. Exchange information about investment and trade opportunities and relevant policies and regulations pertaining to the Platform Business.
2. Organize trade and investment missions and assist visiting missions wherever possible.
3. Render services and provide advice to the members of the two organizations.
4. Recommend potential partners for economic co-operation, trading and technological exchanges.
5. Act in good faith to implement the terms of the Agreement but not assume any legal obligation in this regard.
6. Promote and support the principles, policies and procedures described in Responsible Care and the Responsible Distribution Process
7. Promote each other's Conferences through distribution of event material and to provide hyperlink to each other's website.
8. Neither party will have any financial obligation except for the reimbursement of mutualty agreed budget relatin to specific co-operation projects.

  A. Act as proxies to establish a legal body of the Korean Branch of the mother  
         company incorporated in Hong Kong
     B. Payment wiring and accounting works prior to establish the Korean Branch
         (Provided that, payment wiring shall follow the invoice issuance procedure of
         the company in Hong Kong)
    C. Global financing platform i-Account service 
    D. Issuance of global brand cards(Visa, Master and UnionPay card etc.)
    E. Businesses utilizing Lidya Payment Solution
    F. Other businesses recognized as necessity by and between the two entities



Two copies to be held by each of the sides in witness thereof.

This Agreement shall become effective upon having been signed by both sides

signed on  



witness


