Global Platform Business

A Platform Business is a "Plug-and-Play Business model" that allows multiple participants (Producers and Consumers) to connect to it, interact with each other and create and exchange value. 

Financial Business Platform
Global Shopping Platform
Global Tour and Leisure Platform
Biohealth Medical IT Platform
Entertainment Platform


Connect !  KPT PLUS MALL Platform.

Everything..Everyone.. Everywhere, Everytime..
Our Global Platform Service is enabled by people, powered by technology, and open to everyone ? creating more economic opportunity for all. The power of our platform gives entrepreneurs the opportunity to grow their business through a global marketplace.

DUBAI, HONGKONG, and The worldwide support for you.

DUBAI, 
is located in the northern part of the UAE. 
An excellent strategic location and business-friendly policies have helped Dubai develop into a gateway to the Middle East and East Africa. 
It became an international financial services center, a major trading and logistical hub and a world-class tourist destination.

HONGKONG
As a major trading and finance centre for the Asia-Pacific region, with an excellent service-based economy and top-notch harbour and airport facilities, Hong Kong is one of the most important strategic locations for the global economy.
Furthermore, Macau is developing a unique culture and tourism industry, based on its rich history and traditions.

Why KPT- PLUS MALL  Platform ?
KPT PLUS MALL  Online Platform Business is one of the world¡¯s most prominent emerging multi asset managemetnt system and aims for one of Asia¡¯s largest independent financial services groups. We enrich people's lives by providing superior products and services that our customers love and trust.



<peopleÆí>

KPT PLUS MALL is a memebership platform business all over the world. 
KPT PLUS MALL  has established a big platform that you can play your abilities whatever you want. 

KPT PLUS MALL business realize a humanism on the platform, by linking the world's leading Financial Programs, 
new paradigm Asset management, specialized shopping mall like luxury goods and luxyly tours and KPT PLUS MALL business can provide social networks and the health & medical service that shall allow for convenient & free life. 

KPT PLUS MALL will faithfully serve as a global business partner. 
Even those who have only ability in this rapid world is impossbile to be a best, the only way to be best is a cooperation with others and a understanding with others. 

The global platform business group that creates the happy life of mankind KPT PLUS MALL is newly challenging towards such ambitious dream.
Since its founding, KPT PLUS MALL has constantly grown through the passion and efforts of the employees. KPT PLUS MALL has enriched the lives of customers as a driving force for national economic growth and is bringing about constant innovation instead of resting on its present accomplishments.

KPT PLUS MALL now aims towards becoming one of Asia¡¯s TOP 10 Global Business Groups. We are working hard to foster skilled talent and secure differentiated technical capabilities to enhance our competitiveness in each business field, and we are developing localized management by analyzing economic conditions and customer lifestyles in overseas markets. We have dedicated ourselves to activities that contribute to society to fulfill our corporate social responsibility. We are also making efforts to achieve growth based on sincere, trusting partnerships while developing a range of support activities for win-win growth. 

KPT PLUS MALL is a valued name, beloved by customers worldwide. We improve the quality of life of our customers with premium products and differentiated services, enhancing corporate brand value through our many social contributions. We would like to thank all of you who have continued  care about us and express interest in KPT PLUS MALL¡¯s efforts.