Question 1 : What are the interests in this case of the various players in the Varacil    market ?


First and foremost, they are 3 main players in this case concerning the Varacil market :


Tolemite which had been awarded a patent for synthesizing Varacil. Tolemite was not an user and producer of Varacil, and then decided to offer the use of the patent --manufacturing process - under license to BARD, principal Varacil producer in the U.S.
Hence that BARD is under license, it has to pay Tolemite a 4% royalty on all revenues.


¡æ Tolemite¡¯s best interest is to obtain 10% or more (the highest possible) royalty payments on past and future sales of synthetic Varacil until the life of the patent.


BARD, involved in the production of Varacil, is the industry leader of the synthetic Varacil market. Thus the company tooks roughly 66% of the market share.
Moreover, BARD can sublicense to other Varacil producers who became interested in the process.

¡æ  BARD can benefit from 2 situations if Tolemite and CKC will go on a trial.

If CKC will have to pay 10% royalty payments or more to Tolemite on past and future sales. As the industry leader, BARD will no longer be affected by this court decision.

Futhermore, if CKC wins the trial, founding the patent to be invalid, BARD¡¯s royalty payments would desappear and then CKC¡¯s competitive advantage will immediatly decrease if BARD decides to lower their prices. Lower prices also means that BARD will obtain more market share in the industry and then bring CKC down of the market.

         BARD will be the largest beneficiary in case of a lawsuit.


CKC is a commercial outlet which prosper as an Arnoux subsidiary. This company is the second largest in the Varacil market and holds 11% of the market share.
The major concern is that CKC produces Varacil as well as BARD but they do not give any royalty fees to Tolemite which holds the Varacil patent.
Currently, CKC enjoys a competitive advantage over BARD because its pays a 4% royalty to Tolemite while CKC do not.


      ¡æ  Find a litigation alternative would be more interesting for CKC than going on court against Tolemite because costs of attorneys and the possible chance of losing is to take into account. In the case that both will go on trial, CKC¡¯s best interest is to obtain the least costly ending for the lawsuit. The firm has to considerate the effects of the different outcomes regarding profits and market shares in the Varacil industry.



http://fernfortuniversity.com/hbr/case-solutions/10604-c-k--claridge--inc-.php


https://www.bartleby.com/essay/Dispute-Resolution-and-Bard-F3RB5CAX73UEZ


1. What are the interests in this case of the various players in the Varacil market?
1) Tolemite
This company developed Varacil production patent in the market. 
Tolemite had a monopoly in this patent and this company licensed this skill to BARD. 
Tolemite took a royalty from BARD about 4% amount of sales. 
2) BARD
BARD is the number one firm in the Varacil market. They had an overwhelming market share in Varacil market. They had given royalty to Tolemite for using producing skill. Furthermore, BARD received rights to sublicense to other Varacil producers who became interested in the process. This will also give BARD good revenue model. 
3) C.K. Clardige(CKC)
CKC is in the ¡¦show more content¡¦ 
It means Tolemite¡¯ patent is invalid, so BARD don¡¯t have to give any royalty. This will strengthen the first position of the Varacil market. In this reason, BARD have to ponder how make the largest advantage in this suit.
3) C.K. Clardige(CKC) : How to make the smaller disadvantages?
CKC is the weakest position in this suit. If they win the court, they don¡¯t have to give royalty to Tolemite. But BARD also didn¡¯t have to give any royalty. After this result, competition between BARD and CKC will be more intensified. The result of competition will make huge damage to the CKC because BARD is more powerful company in this market compared to CKC. On the other hand, failing in the court also make damage to CKC. The will lose all of competitive advantage in the market. They have to give 10% royalty for 7 years even though BARD give only 4%. This suit will make only damage to CKC regardless of the result. 

Purcell must take a settlement with Tolemite. Because this suit is just make a lot of cost without any advantages. The matter is the way to make the deal and generate amount of royalty or options. The break-even curve of this court is like ¡®Figure B¡¯.
This showed that 7.5% of Royalty will be the middle of the negotiation. But this didn¡¯t contain any cost of suit. So the royalty which CKC will give will be little bit lower than this break-even prediction. Moreover, CKC should remember that BARD had given only 4% royalty to Tolemite and the fact¡¦








1. What are the interests in this case of the various players in the Varacil market? 
1) Tolemite This company developed Varacil production patent in the market. Tolemite had a monopoly in this patent and this company licensed this skill to BARD. Tolemite took a royalty from BARD about 4% amount of sales. 2) BARD BARD is the number one firm in the Varacil market. They had an overwhelming market share in Varacil market. They had given royalty to Tolemite for using producing skill. Furthermore, BARD received rights to sublicense to other Varacil producers who became interested in the process. This will also give BARD good revenue model. 3) C.K. Clardige(CKC) CKC is in the second position of Varacil market. They also produced Varacil but they didn't give any royalty to Tolemite currently. This is the strong point of CKC. CKC produced Varacil without any fee, so this aspect will be the competitive advantage of CKC.

2. What should Mr. Purcell do? If you think he should propose a settlement, what amount do your recommend, and how should it be communicated? First of all, we have to take a view of each part of company circumstances when they faced to sue. All three firms had the pros and cons when they went to court. 1) Tolemite : The best or The worst Tolemite will get a 10% royalty from CKC when they win the lawsuit. Moreover, they can make revenue from other company through similar suit when they win this lawsuit. But they had huge risk. If Tolemite lose the suit, they might get zero revenue in the Varacil market. Because losing suit means that the patent of Tolemite is invalid. In this reason, this suit has the chance that the best result and the worst result to Tolemite. 2) BARD : How to make the larger advantages? BARD is the largest beneficiary in this lawsuit. When the Tolemite win the suit, BARD could make competitive advantages. CKC will give Tolemite 10%



1.What are the interests in this case of the various players in the Varacil market? 
2.What should Mr. Purcell do? If you think he should propose a settlement, what amount do you recommend, and how should it be communicated? 
3.What negotiation strategy would you like to pursue if you put yourself in any one of these three main players, i.e., CKC, Tolemite, or BARD?



There are five players in this case; CKC, Tolemite, BARD, other competitors, and the patent attorneys. 
1) CKC is in the second rank of Varacil market and even though they produced synthetic Varacil, they are not paying any royalty to Tolemite which is a great competitive advantage over BARD, who is the market leader. In this case, CKC¡¯s main agenda is to minimize the cost and resolve this problem as soon as possible so that they can go back to their normal business smoothly without causing any further trouble. The only way to win is to prove that Tolemite was not patentable at first. However in this way, CKC will lose its cost advantage which comes from the fact that BARD has paid 4% of royalty fees to Tolemite for using their technique. On the other hand, if CKC lose, they have to pay at least 10% of royalty fees to Tolemite. CKC also has to consider other costs of going to court and appealing. Therefore, for CKC, it is important to figure out how much the cost would be in each scenario (win, lose, appeal, or settle) and find the proper R% to settle. 2) Tolemite generates revenue by collecting royalty fees. They are trying the win this case so that they can receive additional royalty revenue not just from BARD but also from CKC. Once the court goes in favor if Tolemite and BARD against CKC, it would be way much easier to force other small companies to pay royalty fees as well since this lawsuit would set a precedent. If they lose, their patent goes invalid and they will no longer generate revenue in Varacil market. 3) For BARD, it is important to maintain their market share and stay as market leader in Varacil market. Their goal is to win the lawsuit so that they can share 10% of royalty fees with Tolemite and make other competitors including CKC to lose their price competitiveness of not paying royalty fees. Also since they have rights to sublicense to other Varacil producers, there will be high chance of extra revenue if the court recognizes the patent, because in that case other companies have to pay royalty fees either to Tolemite directly or through BARD under sublicense contracts. Moreover, even if they lose the case, they don¡¯t have to pay royalty fees to Tolemite anymore and can even get back what they have paid before, so they have flexibility in this case. 4) Other Varacil producers would stand for CKC because they are also exposed to legal risks of paying royalty fees if the court recognizes the patent. 5) Finally for the attorneys, since they work on commission fees by providing legal services, their interest is to persuade CKC to go to court and get commission and counseling fees.




Essay on Ckc Case Write-Up

815 Words Feb 21st, 2016 4 Pages
Show More C.K. Claridge, Inc. Case
What are the interests of the various players in the Varacil market? ?
* CKC: Obtain the least costly ending for the lawsuit, considering the future effects of the outcome with respect to market share and future profits. 
* Tolemite: Obtain a payment of all past and future liabilities at the highest royalty possible, or the highest payment. 
* BARD: They would benefit from two situations: 
1.CKC wining the trial, as they would not have to pay royalties anymore, which could decrease CKC¡¯s cost competitive advantage if BARD decides to lower the price of the product. Thus they can become more competitive and may increase their market share this way. 
2. CKC having to pay a royalty of 4% or ¡¦show more content¡¦ 
Additionally, this will be the same as winning the case in the future. 
Communication: Mr. Purcell should state that both companies would be better off without going to trial, as the money and time used in the process could be better allocated. Moreover, if they did go to trial, CKC would win and Tolemite will stop receiving the royalties he received from BARD, in addition to the potential royalties they could receive from CKC, which might be the reason why BARD is involved in the matter. Immediately after, he should state that CKC would have much more to gain from proceeding to the trial than paying a royalty of 20%. That such royalty would make CKC¡¯s product unprofitable, thus the dollar amount Tolemite would receive will be lower than if they had a lower royalty that did not affect CKC¡¯s product competitively. 
For their product to continue being competitive, the royalty paid cannot exceed that of BARD, to maintain the company¡¯s competitive advantage. Moreover, as CKC would win if they went to trial, the royalty should be less than that of BARD. I would suggest a royalty payment of 3.5%, instead of 2.5% that was previously suggested. If a deal is made, the royalty should be somewhere between 0 and 4% for CFC survival as a company. He should mention that the only ones that win from the trial are the lawyers and advisors and that the ones that are loosing in the process are ¡°you Mr. Mantiris, I and our¡¦





